Put original text into new commit (#3)
catflydotio/fly-post-preview: post3.md

# Going Live

> We've established why accessibility is important. We've picked the low-hanging
> fruit and cleared the fog. Now that we got a sense of the landscape before us,
> let's breathe some life into LiveBeats and get its real-time features working
> nicely with my screen reader.

Author: ```suggestion
Imagine this: You're navigating a static website in the browser. You're not scanning around with your eyeballs, though; you're navigating the elements of the document using an input device (say, a keyboard), to tell a screen reader where it should start reading next, and you receive the content as the screen reader speaks it. Good so far? 

Let's complicate the story a little. The website is now a web *app*. It has buttons or controls that may send you to another URL, or they may instigate a change to just part of the DOM. Hopefully, it's laid out so you can still find everything easily, everything behaves like what it claims to be, and nothing is lying about what it is.

That's what we were aiming for when we [cleared the fog and picked low-hanging fruit](https://fly.io/blog/accessibility-clearing-the-fog/) in the LiveBeats UI. In the spirit of our random combo metaphor: We can see the landscape before us clearly. LiveBeats is made up of logical, well labeled parts, with well defined roles for sensible navigation and some semblance of interactivity. Now we're going to stretch a little higher up into the tree and get its real-time features working nicely with my screen reader.
```

## What lies ahead?

> With a clearer map, we're ready to embark on our new, accessible LiveBeats
> adventure. Not so fast, though. The web was never designed as an application
> platform. Sure, we've hacked around its many limitations and have *something*
> resembling interactivity. But those interactions aren't rendered by my screen
> reader in the same ways that a native app would be. Here are a few ways in which
> LiveBeats, or almost any other real-time web app, usually doesn't measure up
> when tested for accessibility.

Author: ```suggestion
We're ready to embark on our new, accessible LiveBeats adventure. Not so fast, though. The web was never designed as an application platform. We've hacked around its limitations to get something resembling interactivity, but we're still working with something that, in its heart of hearts, still believes it's a document. Interactions aren't rendered by my screen reader in the same ways they would be in a native app. 

Here are a few places in which real-time web apps usually don't measure up when tested for accessibility.
```

> ### Routing doesn't work

Author: ```suggestion
### Route changes throw everything off
```

In the web's traditional document-centric mode, clicking a link is like pulling
a book off the shelf. There's a standard, boring HTTP request that retrieves an
HTML payload and serves it up to the browser. It's like exchanging greetings.
You almost certainly do it without thinking. Because it's such a
straight-forward process, it's easy to have screen readers read out a document
title and its content as soon as it loads.

> But there *is* no standard for live route updates. Maybe they arrive via
> `fetch`, or over some more exotic transport. Maybe they replace the entire page
> or swap out a single element. As you might imagine, throwing standards out the
> window tends to take accessibility along with them.

Author: I was testing out hard line breaks in this suggestion:

```suggestion
But there *is* no standard for live route updates. Maybe they arrive via
`fetch`, or over some more exotic transport&mdash;like WebSockets. They may replace the entire page,
or swap out a single element. As you might imagine, when standards go out the
window, accessibility tends to follow them.
```
